I think you can probably guess what the challenge for this section is going to be.
I've shown you how to set up a simple site with the X theme and also with the free Zera theme.
And then we've seen how to customize that and then add a blog and a portfolio and even an online shop.
So my challenge for you is to create customize a real site of your own.
Now this could be a site for you.
Perhaps a blog about something that you're interested in perhaps a portfolio of your artwork or music
or a site to sell a digital product that you've made.
Or if there's really nothing that comes to mind that you'd like to share with the world ask around.
Help a friend create a web website or help someone you know build a web site for their business or charity
or local organization.
It's not about getting paid for it at this point.
It's about learning the ropes adding to your portfolio.
There's nothing like the pressure of having to create something the world will see.
To learn how to do things well.
And as always when you're done send me a tweet about it and I'll pass on the word.
Good luck.